The copyright in this document is owned by Enterprise Ethereum Alliance. It is not allowed to modify, edit or take out of context the information in this document in any manner. This document may be duplicated for internal use, provided that all copies contain all proprietary notices and disclaimers included herein. Except as otherwise provided herein, no license, express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise, to any intellectual property rights are granted herein.

Use of this document and any related intellectual property, is also governed by the Bylaws, Intellectual Property Rights Policy and other governing documents and policies of Enterprise Ethereum Alliance and is subject to the disclaimers and limitations described below. 

No use or display of any of the following names or marks “Enterprise Ethereum Alliance”, the acronym “EEA”, the EEA logo, or any combination thereof, to claim compliance with or conformance to this document (or similar statements) is permitted absent EEA membership and express written permission from the EEA. The EEA is in process of developing a compliance testing and certification program only for the EEA members in good standing, which it expects to launch in 2019.

THE CONTENTS OF THIS DOCUMENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR REASONABLE SKILL OR CARE, OR ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, TRADE PRACTICE, PROPOSAL, SPECIFICATION OR SAMPLE. ENTERPRISE ETHEREUM ALLIANCE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS DOCUMENT IS COMPLETE OR WITHOUT ERROR AND DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES TO THE CONTRARY.

Each user of this document hereby acknowledges that products equipped with the technology specified in this document or the relevant specification (“EEA-Compliant Products”) may be subject to various regulatory controls under the laws and regulations of various governments worldwide. Such laws and regulatory controls may govern, among other things, the combination, operation, use, implementation and distribution of EEA-Compliant Products. Examples of such laws and regulatory controls include, but are not limited to, airline regulatory controls, telecommunications regulations, technology transfer controls and health and safety regulations. Each user of this document is solely responsible for the compliance by their EEA-Compliant Products with any such laws and regulations and for obtaining any and all required authorizations, permits, or licenses for their EEA-Compliant Products related to such regulations within the applicable jurisdictions. Each user of this document acknowledges that nothing in this document or the relevant specification provides any information or assistance in connection with securing such compliance, authorizations or licenses. NOTHING IN THIS DOCUMENT CREATES ANY WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER REGARDING THE APPLICABILITY OR NON-APPLICABILITY OF ANY SUCH LAWS OR REGULATIONS OR THE SUITABILITY OR NON-SUITABILITY OF ANY SUCH PRODUCT OR SERVICE FOR USE IN ANY JURISDICTION. 

Enterprise Ethereum Alliance has not investigated or made an independent determination regarding title or non-infringement of any technologies that may be incorporated, described or referenced in this document. Use of this document or implementation of any technologies described or referenced herein may therefore infringe undisclosed third-party patent rights or other intellectual property rights. The user is solely responsible for making all assessments relating to title and non-infringement of any technology, standard, or specification referenced in this document and for obtaining appropriate authorization to use such technologies, standards, and specifications, including through the payment of any required license fees.

NOTHING IN THIS DOCUMENT CREATES ANY WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY TECHNOLOGIES, STANDARDS OR SPECIFICATIONS REFERENCED OR INCORPORATED INTO THIS DOCUMENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL ENTERPRISE ETHEREUM ALLIANCE OR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS BE LIABLE TO THE USER OR TO A THIRD PARTY FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, A CLAIM THAT SUCH USE INFRINGES A THIRD PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR THAT IT FAILS TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. BY USE OF THIS DOCUMENT, THE USER WAIVES ANY SUCH CLAIM AGAINST ENTERPRISE ETHEREUM ALLIANCE AND ITS MEMBERS RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT.

Enterprise Ethereum Alliance reserves the right to adopt any changes or alterations to this document as it deems necessary or appropriate without any notice. The user is solely responsible for determining whether this document has been superseded by a later version or a different document.

©2018 Enterprise Ethereum Alliance inc. All Rights Reserved
